Hey, everyone.
So I want to give you a quick intro into focus time.
The app that will be building throughout this section of the course.
Now this app borrows from the Pomodoro style focus aspect of being able to take a task and focus on
it for a specific amount of time.
Let's say we wanted to code, and we added that while the default timer currently set to six seconds,
but you could switch it to 10 15, even 20 minutes and you can start the timer.
You can pause the timer.
You can start the timer again and say, Hey, I chose 20 minutes, let me set it to 10 and it will continue
counting down.
We're making this reactive app that's going to allow you to track what you have successfully focused
on.
So right now, we haven't successfully focused on anything.
So if I were, say, cancel coding, it wouldn't show up in my list if I read had coding and I focus
on for the entirety we can see we're building a progress bar here.
We'll be doing a countdown timer and at the end of the countdown, we're going to make the phone even
vibrate.
Now I've successfully focused on coding for six seconds.
I could say, Hey, I want to focus on it for another 10 minutes, right?
I don't want to switch it up just yet.
Or I could say, Hey, I'm kind of done with coding.
Let me cancel it.
We can see that coding has successfully been added to the list as something that we focused on it.
That's awesome.
So this is the app that will be building throughout this section of the course.
I hope you're all excited.